[Video Link](https://youtu.be/10d4-z1tCQ0)

**Task: Create a linked list in C++, add nodes and delete nodes at the start of the list.**

In computer science, a linked list is a data structure that is made up of nodes. The nodes in a linked list are like a chain: The start of the linked list points to one node, which contains a data value and a pointer to the next node. This keeps going until the end of the "node chain", which will have a null pointer that points to the next node, indicating that that node is the end of the chain/linked list.

In the "appendElementFront" method, where we insert an element at the beginning of the linked list, we are simply creating a new node, where its saved data value will point to the specified data value, and its new node variable will point to the previous root node of the structure. The new root node will now be the node that was previously created. "appendElementsRear" is very similar, however, we are now inserting an element at the end of the linked list. A new node is still created, and the specified value is saved to it. Since we are inserting at the end of the linked list, we'll first check if there isn't a root node. If there isn't, then we'll set this new node to be the new node. If there is already a root node, then we have to iterate to the last node of the chain, and set its nex node variable to point to the newly created node. 

In the "popFront" method, we are removing and returning the value at the front of the linked list. First, we'll check if there isn't a root node, and return NULL if there isn't one. If there is a root node, then we'll store the value in it for return, and have our new root node be the node that the old root node pointed to. We also have to delete the old root node to free up memory and avoid memory leaks. The process for the "popRear" method is very similar, but there are several differences. Of course, if there isn't a root node, then we can return NULL since the linked list is empty. Next, we'll check if the root node is the only root node in the linked list. If it is, then we'll return the value stored in the node, and properly delete the root node. The root node will now be a null pointer, since the list is now empty. If there is more than one node in the list, then we'll have to iterate to the second-to-last node in order to "disconnect" the next node it points to, and return the value stored at it.

There are also the "peekFront" and "peekRear" methods, which do as they say. "peekFront" will return the value that is at the front of the linked list, and "peekRear" will return the value at the end of the linked list.

